Update README file (#4)
Autumn-Martin/EventBlock: README.md

<br/>

# About

> [EventBlock.io](https://EventBlock.io/) is a decentralized calendar dApp with editable events stored on-chain. It is built with custom solidity and Open Zeplin authentication, deployed on Near via Aurora bridge, works with MetaMask, and has a front-end in React deployed on [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/). EventBlock can be used by DAOs to mint a calendar for community events, track governance, and follow NFT mints. The team is applying for various bounties, including deploying a dApp on an L2 using Infura and Truffle, and deploying a decentralized frontend component for any Ethereum project or hack on Aurora. 
> 
> BudilBox submission:
> - [https://app.buidlbox.io/projects/eventblock](https://app.buidlbox.io/projects/eventblock)

Reviewer: The content in this about section is awesome! There's just a couple typos that I'm sure could sneak by a spelling checker. 

```suggestion
[EventBlock.io](https://EventBlock.io/) is a decentralized calendar dApp with editable events stored on-chain. It is built with custom solidity and Open Zeppelin authentication, deployed on Near via Aurora bridge, works with MetaMask, and has a front-end in React deployed on [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/). EventBlock can be used by DAOs to mint a calendar for community events, track governance, and follow NFT mints. The team is applying for various bounties, including deploying a dApp on an L2 using Infura and Truffle, and deploying a decentralized frontend component for any Ethereum project or hack on Aurora. 

BuidlBox submission:
- [https://app.buidlbox.io/projects/eventblock](https://app.buidlbox.io/projects/eventblock)
```
